# hugedata - Synthetic Data Generation Project
This project aims to revolutionize the way synthetic data is generated by leveraging the advanced capabilities of Hugging Face's hosted AI models. 


## Project Overview
This project generates synthetic biology-related data using small AI models. It is designed to create datasets in both JSONL and CSV formats, suitable for a variety of applications including training machine learning models, data analysis, and educational purposes.

## Requirements
- Python 3.x
- PyTorch
- Transformers library from Hugging Face
- NumPy

## Installation
1. Ensure Python 3.x is installed on your system.
2. Install the required Python packages:
   ```bash
   pip install torch transformers numpy

## Clone the repository or download the source code to your local machine or Google colab

Update the params.py file with your configuration, including the model name and output file paths.
Ensure all other Python files (llm_handler.py, main.py, topics.py, system_messages.py) are in the same directory and properly configured.

## Usage
- Run the script from the command line: python main.py
or
- Run the script in Google colab: %run main.py 
- The script will generate synthetic data continuously until manually stopped. The data will be saved in the specified JSONL and CSV files.

## Output
dataset.jsonl: The generated data in JSONL format.
dataset.csv: The generated data in CSV format.

## Customization
You can customize the topics and system messages used for data generation by editing the topics.py and system_messages.py files. This allows for generation of data tailored to specific areas of interest within the field of biology.

## Acknowledgments
The scripts for this synthetic data generation project are adapted from the resources available at migtissera's GitHub repository. This adaptation has been specifically tailored to leverage Hugging Face's state-of-the-art transformer models for generating synthetic biological data. We extend our gratitude to the original authors and contributors for providing a solid foundation and inspiring the development of this project.
